## Highlights:

1. #1411. new UI experience. now the frontend UI can safely support applications with tens of thousands of tasks.
2. #1514, Add Akka-stream 1.0 experimental module
3. #1698, refactor on yarn experiment module, with bug fixes, and enhanced functions, like dynamically adding/removing machines.
4. #1679, fix dynamic dag bug (fail to transit)
5. #1547, add a SequenceFileSink

## Change logs:

- #1761, add more source comments and fix several typo
- #1799, amend two PROXY typos in files 
- #1411: new UI to allow to scale to thousands of tasks.
- #1794, split dispatchers of Task and Netty
- #1018 transfer Any in Message
- #1792, fix storm module config conflict
- #1785, [yarn] UI daemon process cannot be terminated
- #1789 fix DynamicDagSpec
- #1784, document the limitation of yarnclient command line.
- #1778, AppSubmitter "-config" option is not used
- #1782, add doc to run storm over Gearpump application on yarn
- #1774, remove MaxPermSize JVM option as JDK8 no longer support it.
- #1772, When upload application in UI, custom config file is not effective
- #1770, processor metrics is aggregated in wrong way
- #1768, TaskFilterAggregator is not working
- #1763, change all GearPump to Gearpump
- #1411: metrics charts would not update after 15 seconds
- #1756, add HistoryMetricsConfig for master info and worker info
- #1754 standardize archive name
- #1753 update server channel group name
- #1747: storm spec failure due to parse application id
- #1747: updated the way to parse application id in command-line
- #1743, fixing some typo in the example folder
- #1744, Separate global config and application specific config, allow to config log level for specific
 class.
- #1734, handle smoothly when more resources are allocated than required.
- #1698, refactor on gearpump-yarn experiment module
- #1716: enable code coverage check for master branch
- #1720, support automatic integration test
- #1719 unhandled PutKVSuccess in Master
- #1714: some navbar visual issues
- #1499, Aggregate the metrics on server
- #1711: layout is more responsive on small devices
- #1679 dynamic dag will fall back when replacing a processor failed
- #1707, support html test report in integration test
- #1670, regression, change taskActor back to use stashing.
- #1703: task metrics in bar chart were empty
- #1701: wrong dirty check of modify processor and more
- #1384: rest service url was not set correctly
- #1682: allow specify a transition time when changing parallelism
- #1691: dashboard layout and textual changes and update to dashing…
- #1640 YARN deployment - no easy way of obtaining master address… 
- #1688, Reduce unimportant logs in travis UT console
- #1671, make default timeout shorter to be more UI responsive.
- #1685, Should not publish gearpump-integration-test to maven
- #1683, Allow metrics to be aggregated before sending to UI
- #1223: will mark application with a warning when stalling task de…
- #1670, #1653, fix dynamic dag bug
- #1659 add a rest api to terminate service process
- #1672: when worker is killed, its detail page will no longer be updated
- #1660 remove Try block,give debug info to user instead.
- #1666: will should application details (and load metrics afterwards)
- #1651, fix change processor's parallelism on dashboard
- #1536, fix storm at least once support
- #1655: added a test case for replacing a processor
- #1653 fix replacing a processor
- #1639 refine daemon's classpath
- #1652, submit app with no arguments from dashboard returns warning
- #1547 add a SequenceFileSink
- #1424: when application is terminated, related status indicators …
- #1645: parse appid in submission response better
- #1514, add an experimental module to support akka-stream 1.0
- #1643, fix UI timeout issue when metrics is disabled
- #1632 Remove duplicate of repository
- #1630, StormBoltOutputCollector skips reporting on ack disabled