Highlights:
-------------------
1. #1723, Add an experimental cgroup module for CPU isolation.
2. #1767, Add docs and implementation to support storm 0.10.
3. Make UI mobile phone friendly. 

Change log:
-------------------
- #1919, fix AppMasterSpec
- #1723 add an experiment module to do cgroup CPU isolation.
- #1913, add warning for detected loop in DAG.
- #1896, move storm examples under integration test
- #1897, increase akka logger start up timeout for unit test
- #1843 Add a Rest service to launch a new worker
- #1904, fixed "DAG canvas context menu cannot be displayed."
- #1898: in integration test, there need a retry attempting for login
- #1882: extract the tool tip string to externalized file
- #1837, Use java.net.preferIPv4Stack to force IPv4
- #1885, Shorten the table view when disabled in mobile.
- #1883,URL redirection error when accessing index.html
- #1874, Format the login failure message to more readable format.
- #1876, Shell command yarnclient should use 1 as the the default count for "addWorker"
- #1877, Fix several navigation issues on Mobile phone
- #1830: removed cluster side menu and tuned main navbar
- #1681: show application last error in overview page
- #1866, use geardefault.conf to replace reference.conf to avoid confusion
- #1767, Add docs and implementation to support storm 0.10
- #1868: show correct data points when switch historical view and recent view.
- #1864, Add robots.txt to disable search engine crawling
- #1860, add licenses for included source and binary libraries.
- #1804, fix UI authentication document page format
